TELCODOCS-1214 - CNF-7365 GitOps ZTP independence from deployed clust… (#63133)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-preparing-the-ztp-git-repository.adoc

│   ├── group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
│   ├── group-du-sno-validator-ranGen.yaml
│   ├── kustomization.yaml
│   ├── source-crs/
│   └── ns.yaml
└── siteconfig
    ├── example-sno.yaml
    ├── reference-manifests/ <1> 
    ├── custom-manifests/ <2>
    ├── KlusterletAddonConfigOverride.yaml
    └── kustomization.yaml
----
<1> Contains reference manifests from the `ztp-container`.
<2> Contains custom manifests.

Keep `SiteConfig` and `PolicyGenTemplate` CRs in separate directories. Both the `SiteConfig` and `PolicyGenTemplate` directories must contain a `kustomization.yaml` file that explicitly includes the files in that directory.

This directory structure and the `kustomization.yaml` files must be committed and pushed to your Git repository. The initial push to Git should include the `kustomization.yaml` files. The `SiteConfig` (`example-sno.yaml`) and `PolicyGenTemplate` (`common-ranGen.yaml`, `group-du-sno*.yaml`, and `example-sno-site.yaml`) files can be omitted and pushed at a later time as required when deploying a site.

> In the `PolicyGentemplate` directory, create the `source-crs` directory and push the content found under `out/source-crs` to that directory.

Author: ok

Copy the `out/extra-manifests` directory into the `SiteConfig` folder.
This directory should contain CRs from the `ztp-site-generate` container only. Do not add custom CRs here.  

> If you want to work with custom CRs you must create another directory for that content. 

Author: @skopacz1 
Thanks for the review and for the suggestions on this section.
I've restructured and rewritten that portion so I hope it's more user-friendly now.

> In the `SiteConfig` directory, create a subdirectory to hold the content found under `out/extra-manifests`, for example, `reference-manifests`.
> This directory should only contain CRs from the container, do not add any additional files. 

Reviewer: Slightly confused by these two steps. Could we simply say: 
```suggestion
Copy the `out/extra-manifests` directory into the `SiteConfig` folder.
This directory should contain CRs from the `ztp-site-generate` container only. Do not add custom CRs here.  
```

Author: ok
